startingDirectory formatting note (#2415)
microsoft/terminal: doc/user-docs/UsingJsonSettings.md

    "startingDirectory" : "%USERPROFILE%/wslhome"
    ....
```

> Note: To use back slashes in the directory you need to escape the `\` as `\\` so that JSON recognizes it. Alternatively you can use `/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> 👉 **Note**: To use backslashes in any path field, you'll need to escape them following JSON escaping rules (they should look like `\\`). As an alternative, you can use forward slashes.
```
